Fix what-is-kagent description (open-source K8s-native framework) (#367)
kagent-dev/website: src/app/docs/kagent/introduction/what-is-kagent/page.mdx

# Introducing kagent

> kagent is an open-source, Kubernetes-native framework for building AI agents and harnesses — production-ready agent runtimes like NemoClaw and OpenClaw. It lets platform and DevOps teams deploy, scale, and operate agents as first-class Kubernetes resources, using the same primitives (CRDs, RBAC, GitOps, observability) they already use for every other workload.

Reviewer: What about something like:
```suggestion
kagent is an open-source, Kubernetes-native runtime for AI agents. Deploy, scale, and operate agents as first-class Kubernetes resources by using the same CRDs, RBAC, GitOps, and observability you already use for your other workloads. Manage everything your agents need: agent harnesses, MCP tool servers, memory, and more. kagent works out of the box with many of the most popular AI projects: runtimes like NemoClaw and OpenClaw, agent frameworks like ADK and LangGraph, and many LLM providers like OpenAI, Anthropic, Gemini, and more.
```
